this is a web exclusive
we were working on the chatter chat
today and Robby is loving it we're
forward one two three really driving me
mad
no the sportsman he was trained and
trained and trained and trained but
still haven't got it it surprised me how
difficult is an absolute shattered you
know like a training for three hours a
day football you know high-intensity
sprinting everywhere making tackle but
this is just mentally draining are I
think Robby isn't maybe not that
Buster's to pick up staff but he does
work hard and he does it hundred times
so you get to ride and he was to me
again and then gain I will do it I will
do it so it's really good
it just works really hard and we do a
studio for morning to evening on a
football pitch mentally you know yeah
maybe a set piece or something you can
watch on no way you've got a stand but
this is every single thing you do sure
the back is I feet flat off not flats on
your toe
don't go in the heel then I do that
right something else is on I mean it
gets amazing awful just wanna mask
the routine is not going to be easy I
want to push into maximum and I'm sure
you can do it and he works really hard
and I'm sure you will give me 150% in
that routine so yeah it's not easy but
I'm sure you're fine